what's with the jeans welcome to your
mom's house this is your mom's podcast
I'm your mommy
Tommy and this is your mommy I'm
Christina the second mommy
we're mommy out right now tell them
where I'm I'm eating out though we're
sitting in bed no Joe we're eating food
at 3:30 in the morning it's actually
4:00 a.m. and we are in Cincinnati Ohio
the nati where the Tommy mommy was born
that's right yeah your mommy opened her
legs and then out you came my mommy yeah
yeah my mommy no no you said your mommy
you're right oh sorry
my mommy really did for real for reals
yeah gave birth to Dee mommy what you
thinking no thinking about a lot you
might think about it a lot
do you really I do because you're not
familiar like I am you know later well I
was born in Canada but I moved you or
it's kind of a funny thing though what
can I tell you I've always thought it's
weird that you'll be like I'm from LA or
from LA but you're not familiar I'm
looking well how long does it take to be
from I'm saying I'm I'm giving you I
give you your LA cred but you're such an
mf'er baby you weren't born there though
dude it doesn't matter I move there in
1980 I understand more years old right
but I'm saying at heart yes you'll
always be Canadian fuck you dude no I'm
trying yelled at the Marriot I'm sorry
I've had many glasses of box wine
tonight I'm very excitable but can I
tell you that I took an oath to this
great country country Canada how dare
you America I took an oath to America
that I would honor this country and
renounce any citizenship so I am
American suck on those nuts oh you were
just speaking into the back of the
microphone
I'm sorry I'm so drunk it's okay it's
alright you're still the mommy so
anyways we're working together this week
which is rare for us people don't know
that but the mommies don't get to party
together all the time
on the road we have to do our own thing
we do our own thing right and we don't
do that whole we're married mommies like
we don't do that that's so lame but this
is the only thing that we do together
creatively consistently yeah but I am I
don't know it anyways we're doing doing
stand-up on the road we don't make
mention of it we're married but
something very exciting going on this
week and that is that Christina the main
mommy this is recording yeah her debut
CD my mom gave you yeah I'm not courting
a CD this week at go bananas it's pretty
exciting I'm excited but I'm very
self-critical everybody is though no but
I think that's off more than most people
I have to know how you don't know you
don't hate yourself more than most
comics comics hate themselves
I don't think so there's a lot of comics
that love themselves not the good ones
though yeah the good ones don't love
themselves I think I want to marry you
too
but the good ones don't love themselves
and everybody's so super self-critical
and it's really hard to record something
and sign off on it and put it out can I
tell you that I feel like I feel like I
feel like I could record the CD for like
a month and and maybe be happy with the
results on you - when you I do I
remember um there's something about like
well a like anybody who does any art
form to finally put it out there it's a
very vulnerable feelings horrifying and
I think because in stand-up you're
you're actually it's you alone talking
it's super vulnerable it's not even like
at least like if you're you know if you
paint it's like
you know yeah it's vulnerable too but
it's like it's something that you did
yeah it's not well here's what I think
if you're actually decent and standing
up you're just being yourself on stage
and you're as close to yourself as you
can be right so when someone doesn't
like your standup they're just saying I
don't like you exactly and that's why
it's hard to do and it's also it's very
hard to like like I remember you know
when I recorded mine when I would lit
the the record company sends you like
mp3 files oh listen to this and like you
give them like you know I like this or
not and I was listening to one of the
shows that they were like you know this
is the best show you recorded and I
listened to it and then I was like okay
and I was into it again and I called him
and I was like I think this sucks
really that's like I think this sucks
really bad and they're like what do you
mean and I was like I don't know it
doesn't it just all suck it doesn't the
whole things I don't yes yeah yeah they
were like no we thought it was really
good and I was like I don't know I just
was listening to it and I just think the
whole thing just sucks
now when you recorded it did you feel
like that was your best night your best
show yes mostly but you know I knew I
knew that the live reaction was crazy it
was good right like it was it's the it
what ended up being the seated like the
crowd was really hot yeah and they
reacted great but I was just like don't
I suck a lot though don't you think I
suck no and the people at the at the
company were like no we thought was good
but like that's the thing is that you
listened to it a few times and you're
like that
that pause sucks right that joke that
setup sucks that line sucks that
punchlines and then you just like
exactly cuz you because then you start
going like why did I say that
why did I pause it like you just are
being so self-critical yeah and there's
no other I mean I can't say there's no
other but it's one of the few art forms
where you're truly just singularly out
there alone and every like everything
goes on you the
writing is on you the performance is on
you the the diction that whatever you
every single facet of it is on you but
on the other hand that's the allure of
it is you know I was never a team player
growing up of course team sports I
played tennis just me and one other
person and I think if you're a lone wolf
then stand-up is a great art and when
you're when you're when you're good or
when there's a good stand-up yeah you
give them like all the credit you're
like that's that's you're that person's
great yeah well I think you're great but
I'm saying you hate the positive room
you hate positive energy as well Brodie
what are you talking I salute the Sun
every morning I wake up at 5:00 a.m. and
I do my Sun salutes and then I Drive to
LAX Airport we've taken who we love
Stephen Brody Stephens and we've taken
like ideas of what of his voice and like
things that he says and we've created
this fake character yes who's like based
on who's based on right but within our
mind this character this person we can't
really call him Brody because not bro
it's a derivative it's a derivative we
brownie and all right in our mind this
guy there's a guy because we know that
there's somebody like this there's so
many weirdos there's somebody out there
who wakes up every day like at that like
at 4:00 and goes like I wake up every
morning and I I salute the Sun and then
I drive to the airport because I like I
love to sit in traffic I I park outside
of the airport and I I like to watch the
planes land and take off I keep my urine
in jars every one of my bowel movements
I like to preserve and form a line and
keep in my basement and I label them
based on what I ate keep a journal of
every movement and I talk about the
consistency and the smells this one yes
yes enjoy it I used to Lula on my taco
let's talk about Brody Stephens for men
can't wait yeah I mean okay the first
time I became aware of bro
was probably probably like six or seven
years ago doing some room in LA
somewhere it was some like maybe it was
a book show but not like a not like a
club well I don't think it was a story I
feel like it was like some it was
something like that it was like yeah
like some Canoga Park thing or something
like that where it was just like yeah
you're the 10 guys doing it at the white
that white lion I don't know anyways
anywho he's in the hangover man and then
I saw him I didn't see him for a while
then I saw him again like a while ago
like over a year ago I was on a show
with him again this time like first time
I get red rock or something this time I
was a little more aware who he was like
it we were on the same show again he was
like yeah yeah how you doing and and
like kind of scoped out the room and
then he did like his is Stephen Brody
Stephen things like I made I made
choices and you made choices look at
where you are today look at me I'm in
the hangover one of the highest-grossing
films of all time I was like this
fucking guy's insane but like so funny
that whole angle is so funny what he
does and then you got to actually work
with him
well here's the thing is that he did
warm up for Chelsea Lately at the same
time that I was working there and I
would come down every day and just watch
Brody do warm-up because I think he was
just one of the funniest parts of that
whole show because he's so absurd I
don't know if you've seen his act people
who are listening but what he'll do is
they'll ask like where people are from
he'll be like are you from Tarzana yes
I've been there corner of Woodman and
Ventura there's a bowling alley but like
he'll call out what's happening and he
used to just warm up that crowd all
these people from out of town and you
know so excited to see Chelsea Lately
and he would like horrify them with a
cowbell or like he talked about his
mother having a stroke my mother had a
stroke I'm going to visit her
dog named Daisy some of you make choices
but he's hilarious no they left no he
was phenomenal at it phenomenal and on
you know seriously it's a really hard
job warm up to warm up for a studio
audience because they come in cold and
you have to get them excited to laugh at
the roundtable guests and there was
nonsense
during like season two or three I was
just a couple years in no I don't want
to take a look but I'm just saying no
it's more about like I'm just more
saying that like I know how hard that
job is super high pressure and I was I
was literally doing it two three years
in the comedy and you know Brody's been
at Brody's gonna at like twenty years
he's been in stand-up can I tell you
that when he left Chelsea Lately or
whenever they had their falling out that
that show definitely has lost a major
talent and I think there's good things
in store for Brody Stevens I feel like I
feel like his star is rising and if you
don't follow him on Twitter yet you
should he's at all things Brody on
Twitter right he changed it from Steven
Brody Steve as all things Brody yes so
fucking funny
what no insolence Brody Brody to me
friends it was Brody as me friend later
said was homage to a couple of like
restaurant guys who's worked with in New
York he was saying Brody is me friend
anyways yeah the whole point meeting was
what is the point
oh I don't know what you decided to talk
about but we got the burners that he's
just oh yeah the character but he's just
such a funny guy so unique I sometimes
will guest sit in with Jay Mohr on Jim
Rome show mm-hmm and Brody's Brody's a
big sports guy especially baseball you
know he'll call in and he'll just it'll
just be the that's the the whole time
I'm there I'll just the only thing I'll
jump in on really is like what
could convert even Scotland and he'll
eventually call in and he'll just run
down like what he's doing that day in
the valley walking down there's
construction here walking around can't
drive down the street drinking a lot a
good stuff
just enjoy but what I like about Brody
too is that he grew up in the valley the
same as me and he knows a lot of the
same shitty things that you encountered
growing up in the valley like getting
you know fucked with by Armenian kids
and getting in fights with black
gangbangers and all that shit so he's uh
he's ridiculous no Wes Jewish Oh Brody C
was Jewish so uh there's Brody and now
what happened oh we had a tsunami I'm so
upset about that man talk about a major
fucking bummer
I feel so bad for those people in Japan
and my heart just goes out to them and
you know it really does make you realize
how unlucky some people are I mean what
are the Japanese ever do to anybody what
do they do they come up with neat neat
sex toys and and weird pornography that
I don't particularly enjoy but other
people enjoy and equipment Sony
equipment they've done nothing and my
only thought was why couldn't this
tsunami affect the Taliban why couldn't
they sink the shitty people of Earth and
it just makes you realize that maybe God
is not a bullet a benevolent loving God
maybe he doesn't give a shit it makes
you question it makes you question
everything doesn't it Tommy
no he's too busy chillin to give a shit
about this well I mean what's that must
be I've been drinking for a while I've
been drinking a lot
yeah I probably had six beers and less
six beers that's a lot for a guy even
your size yeah but don't you agree that
senseless evil in the world how does the
fuck can you believe in a loving God
really like one of the best and biggest
arguments for there not being a god like
the one that I mean I've heard different
answers to this argument but is when you
go like
what about this tragedy and then
somebody goes well like I forget even
when people say you know well there's
free will and there's all kind of things
natural yet but but when you do believe
in an loving all-powerful and wonderful
god it's like how why would he allow
yeah all these innocent people that have
their lives destroyed I mean you know
it's just it's ridiculous I agree I
study philosophy as you may know I
studied philosophy physiology physiology
its philosophies and I studied every
proof for the existence of God one year
of my life I devoted just to studying
God okay and I know it sounds a really
ridiculous now that I'm 34 grown up but
there I have to say that there are no
good logical proofs for the existence
and you have to believe it it's just
believe there's one good argument my
handsome but you you change a lot I do
your feelings I think it's very relevant
but your feelings will go from from like
there's no way there's God to like
there's maybe possible because the
Catholic in me that I was raised
Catholic wants to go yes really well
surely there has to be a creator or a
first cause or something to give
relevance and purpose to the universe I
do believe in that but then when you
have senseless evil when you have
natural disasters that are not man-made
like there's man-made evil like the
Holocaust or the Taliban and that shit
you go alright well maybe God gives you
free will and then you can do that and
you can fuck up the world on your own
but senseless evil like pedophilia or
you know fires and earthquakes
it really does jar me and makes me
really just question everything yeah the
extent of like how like how much damage
is done like this earthquake is fucking
amazingly power 8.9 it's the fifth I
think it's the fifth like most powerful
earthquake in recorded history
there's only hearted for earthquakes
more powerful this in recorded history
which is astounding I mean the last one
that was
close to this powerful was in 1960 where
well I don't remember if it was chilly
or shilling she was shilling or uh she
went but
Nepal that kind of makes me think about
um natural was earthquakes
I've only I've been through some some
ones in LA little baby little ones it's
the very first one no the first one that
I that I moved to LA in January of 2002
and so the first place I lived was like
other than apartment with a friend in
Sherman Oaks for like a couple months I
think maybe not even a couple months
maybe a month so one of the first weeks
I bet if you look it up sometime in
January of 2002 there must have been I
bet it you know you can find on record
but I was standing like at the counter
in the kitchen and there was a laptop on
the counter and I remember I was typing
something on it and then I felt my
underneath me yeah like like a little
shaking mm-hmm
and in my mind a member I was like oh
it's just the subway you know yeah and
then I kind of was like I go I go
there's no subway friend he just smiled
and nodded and he was like yeah and I go
that was an earthquake it was like yeah
I was like that's fucking terrifying
like it was so scary feel then we've had
a couple we had the 6th Street place
remember we woke up that one time that's
it's really rare for somebody that's
never been through an earthquake the the
best description of is like the feeling
is kind of like being near a train or a
subway like that kind of feeling but
intensified much more obviously
depending on the scale of how powerful
earthquake it is and for longer and of
course out of nowhere because really is
no nurse there is no train or anything
but you've been through real real shit
like what was what was the biggest 1994
Northridge earthquake what was that like
well first of all they don't give it an
official number because it was some some
scandal like if they if they actually
gave it an um
the scale of it that the government had
to pay us the state of California or
something I think yeah there was some so
they don't they don't refer to it as a
number they refer to it as the time it
happened which coincidentally is 420 so
okay the earthquake happened in 1994 at
4:20 in the morning okay
now if I think there was sign I don't
exactly remember it's a long time ago
now but if we actually gave it a number
of like an 8.0 or whatever seven point
nine that meant that like the state of
California or the federal government or
somebody could qualify for some form of
aid that was like too expensive or I
forget it was some huge conspiracy they
do know what it is but they don't
they're for some reason they didn't
release it and I wish I could remember
now and I can't but but it's fucking
terrifying that one in 1994 if you look
up the official like number of what it
was I think it's in debate and I and I
again I can't remember what the fuck the
official reason was but there was some
scandal about they'd have to pay us more
money at the state of California get
money if it's over a certain magnitude
yeah so what happened is I was in the I
was like 17 or 18 years old and then all
of a sudden I got thrown out of bed and
it was the fucking scariest thing ever
and we were all huddled in the hallway
in the dark until daylight and the thing
they don't you don't know about
earthquakes is when there's a big one
and then there's aftershocks and you
just kind of sit in the dark and if
you're lucky you're smart enough to have
a flashlight and like a radio so you can
hear what's going on but it's very
fucking just jarring and disturbing and
everything's broken in your house and
you just wait for daylight because
you're not supposed to go outside
because you could get hit by power lines
or other houses and we didn't have
running water for three or four days we
had to take shits in the plastic bags oh
yeah yeah took a shit in a plastic bag
and no running water and and I kept it
in jars under my bed is that right
is that normal I still have all my shits
I've been numbering them since I was so
so it was supposed to be 6.7 is white we
learned that four quarter by the way
yeah but there was some fucking
conspiracy I'm telling you I'm gonna
read about it I'll figure it out
we don't have other things like we don't
have hurricanes and shit like you had
hurricanes growing up right I mean as
far as natural disasters go I mean
earthquakes are obviously devastating
and horrifying but I'm telling you I
mean the only thing about a hurricane
that's you know okay that's not terrible
about it is that you have the the
warning that you know they give you the
a five days from now guess what's gonna
come mother nature's gonna fuck you in
the ass
you know you get the warning but I look
I went through a number of hurricanes
living in Florida and it's incredible I
mean you see the power the magnitude the
scope of it all there's nothing like the
wind the rain you know just picture the
worst thunderstorm you could ever ever
imagine
times a thousand and that's a hurricane
and it's it is it is I mean some of it
sometimes you're like oh you know it's
it's only cool if it's like a category
one or two and it's men that's just like
a bad thunderstorm and your house can
basically take it you're like well it's
a really bad storm
I don't mind bad storms but when you
know that a three or higher is coming we
would always pack up the car and drive
into the middle of the state you know
because you want to you have to get away
from it you got to drive away because
you know like this thing was gonna fuck
up everything and you would see that's
actually really the whole thing the most
devastating thing about Katrina was that
you know everybody and even I was
probably at the time one who would be
like well they just leave then you
realize but the reason why those people
the people who didn't leave was because
because they were poor
like when you're poor you're like well
like you just don't leave your home yeah
it's all it's all you have and you don't
have like three cars that you pack up
and drive away in like that's just what
they don't like
that's gonna spill the California yeah
I'm ready to pack up and get the fuck
out and they tell me that silver leg is
gonna be like irradiated yeah we move
back oh yeah I know but but that goes to
get to the point that we're not fucking
yeah so that was something that we would
do pack up and leave but men like you
see I mean obviously you see the damage
of an earthquake like that hurricanes
are just fucking it's amazing to see
where you lived like I'm sure you felt
the same way with like the earthquakes
but like man we've got like you know we
get the warning that desert canes coming
we'd leave town and you come back and
everything would be just fucked like
every tree was gone blown over you'd see
the roofs missing from houses and like
you just devastate everything there's
one one time I think Aaron was the name
came and just destroyed all the house
like all everything that was close to
the coast was just fucking destroyed I
mean the scale of Japan is ridiculous
that's just done done skis but in LA
that Northridge Northridge earthquakes
things just crumble and and good
structures can stay up but people lost
our homes a lot of people did and that
was two years after the LA riots in 92
worse it was just completely fucked
there's a period of a few years and then
when Malibu was on fire it was just like
one thing after another man yeah he's
retarded LA riots must have been fuckin
I remember being 15 years old when that
happened and watching it on the news and
watching la burning down and that was
fucking great and all all this valley
kids were terrified that the riots were
gonna spread
to the valley and of course it's not
gonna spread well you know white America
is scared yeah when you see him that's
fine is playing if you're not from LA
like back then that was just your image
of what la was fired yes you're just
like that's lost that there like that's
the whole city but you can't break down
and they you don't have an idea of like
oh that's you know further north and
that yeah you're just like hey that city
is a riot yeah terrifying but it was in
our school was shut down I didn't go to
school that week because of the riots
yeah so yeah la did kind of shut down
are we talking about that dip for a
second it's phenomenal what is that it's
French onion dip
that's really good Kroger's when we
travel Mars Eddie Mars Eddie can we
endorse them hello Mars Eddie you make a
great French onion dip and also this
sunny and Joe's brand simply legendary
hot enough on this with a question mark
yeah there's a lot of labels on this
hummus but it's really good thank you
beer so what else we're gonna do a
shorter mama cast we decided there's
other ones for too long oh yeah we did
we did we did Rogen Joe Rogan our friend
Joe has a he's doing every Wednesday
he's doing Sal's comedy hole and Sal is
this guy who opened his club he's like
East Coast New Yorker he opened the club
originally on La Brea I think and I
didn't know that he moved yeah he moved
to Melrose and now he's got this
location in Melrose where it's like a
restaurant I think they have like coffee
and stuff and he's building right now
they're doing shows in the front room
like where the restaurant is during the
day but they're they're knocking down
whatever they're building breaker space
within the place so it's gonna have like
two rooms now it's gonna have like a big
room in a little room and the front will
still be the restaurant we didn't know
Wednesday and we had
fucking blast it's so much fun Ari
Shaffir was there iliza shlesinger and
Tom myself read ban Joe and Joe and it
was so much fun and it's such a cool
crowd because it's all like Rogen fans
and they're super like they're fucking
cool people because they're not afraid
of like kooky things in life and they're
really fun and they laugh it's tough but
it's also like the like Sal has the he
has the right idea like he's he it's
it's that what you kind of want and
imagine that you would want when you're
a comic when you start off where it's
like it's not too big yeah everybody
that who's there is there to watch
stand-up and you get a real feel for
like what's funny and and like it's just
what you want like there's just a it's
gritty and grinding I think it's gonna
be that's gonna be the spot man that
spots really gonna take and Sal Sal is
like like he does it he likes comedy and
he likes comics and he makes you feel
welcome when you get there and like it's
just a great dude it's gonna be a great
spot check it out if you're in LA sells
comedy home sounds company ho it's on
Melrose trying to remember near Melrose
ever like where all the cool stuff is
it's near The Groundlings it's just up
the street from the ground link theater
I want to say it's it's 56 something is
that right over 76 I know what I bet you
I can find out find out if I go you're
my phone yeah let's find the guy there
it is 73 56 Melrose Avenue Los Angeles 9
zero zero four six yes do it and that is
where you can go to house so anyways
check it out check it out any night they
have shows seven nights a week but
Wednesdays
you can see Joe Rogan
and friends in basically what is now an
ad seat venue which is pretty fucking
cool
we're having a great time running down
we did last night to go bananas has got
to be one of I would say it's one of my
top three favorite clubs in the country
so much fun
everything's right about that Club too
small man yeah and that goes see there's
something it's it really is important
about the owner like there are the
manager or runt like Mikey and company
here run a fucking stellar comedy club
everybody's cool shit the staff is cool
low-key but the main thing is they give
a shit about stand-up that's the big
factor our Cincinnati friend Jeff Tate
will be coming out to Los Angeles next
week he's gonna crash with us and I'm
gonna do a bunch of shows next week at
the comedy magic club so if you're in LA
and you're want to go to Formosa Beach
you can catch me Tuesday Thursday Friday
and Saturday at the comedy magic club
this coming week I will be at the Aspen
Laughs festival March 17th through 19th
in Aspen Colorado and I've never been
there before and I'm excited to see it
but I don't like snow yeah that's pretty
exciting that's gonna be cool yeah it'll
be fun I think it should be good there's
a lot of good comics on the bill and I'm
excited to hang out with them and and
see what's up
so for there it's red yeah I'm gonna
grab some more bread and get some more
hummus
yeah and that's fun I like you mommy
yeah and we'll do another mom cause we
can do more of these this is low
pressure it's only like 30 minutes you
easy man yeah so maybe we'll do another
one tomorrow or Monday maybe we'll do
podcasts on a plane that's really yeah
that was fun all right bye guys just
talk to your mommies pretty soon